QSPI encryption support (#9861)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/wifi/sta/README.rst

Using this sample, the development kit can connect to the specified access point in :abbr:`STA (Station)` mode.

QSPI encryption
***************

> This sample by default enables QSPI encryption by using the factory default key (all F's), but you can change the key by

Reviewer: "key can be changed"  instead of "you can change the key" might sound better? :)

Reviewer 2: Active voice is preferred hence suggested to keep the earlier version.

> This sample demonstrates QSPI encryption API usage, the key can be set by the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF700X_QSPI_ENCRYPTION_KEY` Kconfig option. If encryption of the

Reviewer 3: The second sentence should start on a new line.

> This is only to demonstrate the API usage. It is recommended to use a custom key for production devices

Reviewer: Full stop missing.

> This is only to demonstrate the API usage. It is recommended to use a custom key for production devices.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This demonstrates only the API usage.
It is recommended to use a custom key for production devices.
```

Using this sample, the development kit can connect to the specified access point in :abbr:`STA (Station)` mode.

Quad Serial Peripheral Interface (QSPI) encryption
**************************************************

> This sample enables QSPI encryption by default using the factory default key (all F's), but you can change the key by setting the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF700X_QSPI_ENCRYPTION_KEY` Kconfig option,

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This sample enables QSPI encryption by default using the factory default key (all F's). You can change the key by setting the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF700X_QSPI_ENCRYPTION_KEY` Kconfig option.
```

Author: This is now obsolete.

> this demonstrates only the API usage.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This Kconfig option demonstrates only the API usage.
```

Reviewer 3: Please ensure that this suggested edit does not change the intended meaning of this sentence.
I am not sure if it is the Kconfig option mentioned that demonstrates API usage, or the key.

Author: Its not the Kconfig, it should be `this sample demonstrated only the API usage`.

> If encryption of the QSPI traffic is required for production devices, then matching keys should be programmed in both the nRF7002 OTP and non-volatile storage associated with the host.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If encryption of the QSPI traffic is required for production devices, then matching keys should be programmed in both the nRF7002 OTP and nonvolatile storage that are associated with the host.
```

Reviewer 3: Please ensure that this suggested edit does not change the intended meaning of this sentence.

Are both the nRF7002 OTP and nonvolatile storage associated with the host, or only the nonvolatile storage? If it is only the nonvolatile storage that is associated with the host, then leave this part of the sentence as is.

Author: nrf7002 is a companion chip not part of host.

> If encryption of the QSPI traffic is required for production devices, then matching keys should be programmed in both the nRF7002 OTP and nonvolatile
> storage associated with the host and then the key from nonvolatile storage should be set as the encryption key using the APIs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If encryption of the QSPI traffic is required for the production devices, then matching keys must be programmed in both the nRF7002 OTP and non-volatile storage associated with the host.
The key from non-volatile storage must be set as the encryption key using the APIs.
```
